HARI SREENIVASAN: Good evening.
I'm Hari Sreenivasan.
Judy Woodruff is away.
On the "NewsHour" tonight: 21
state election systems targeted
by Russian hackers during
last year's presidential race.
Homeland security officials
testify before Congress in
the ongoing investigation.
Also ahead, $50 million later,
Republican Karen Handel prevails
over Democrat Jon Ossoff
in Georgia's special election
-- what the race means for
future elections in the Trump
era.
Plus: A heat wave blasts
through the Southwest,
starting fires, shutting
down power and grounding
flights -- the increased
risk of spiking temperatures
due to climate change.
MILES O'BRIEN: We have a
finely-tuned civilization,
and as the temperature
goes up, even though
it has only gone up a degree
Celsius over a hundred years,
it does create pockets of
these heat waves.
HARI SREENIVASAN:
All that and more on
tonight's "PBS NewsHour."
(BREAK)
HARI SREENIVASAN: We are now
on the eve of seeing a Senate
proposal for health care,
including replacing the
Affordable Care Act.
Republican leaders plan
to release their bill
tomorrow, after working
on it behind closed
doors for weeks.
Late today, The Washington Post
reported a draft bill largely
mirrors the House's version,
but with some notable changes.
It will end Medicaid expansion
more gradually, but cut it
deeply in the long term.
It also removes language
that restricts federally
subsidized health plans
from covering abortions.
Lisa Desjardins joins me now.
Lisa, considering the process
here, tomorrow's going to be
an unveiling of this draft, not
just to the public, but even
to a lot of Republicans.
LISA DESJARDINS: That's right.
Most Republican senators have
not seen the language yet, Hari.
They tell me that they will see
it tomorrow around 9:30 a.m.
Eastern time.
That's when Republican
senators will gather
for this exact reason.
When will we see it?
When will the public see it?
Republicans tell me that is
at the same time, 9:30 a.m.
Eastern, online.
Not clear exactly where yet.
Hari, even as we wait for
the exact bill, today, we're
hearing from some key senators
that they have alarm bells
ringing in their heads.
Remember, Republicans can only
lose two Republican senators
and still have this bill pass.
Well, today, Rand Paul
told me he sees what he
hears as Obamacare-lite.
And another senator, Ron
Johnson of Wisconsin,
told me he's concerned.
He asked for more time
to review this bill.
He said a vote next week,
as is planned, is too soon.
He said he's not getting more
time and he's not sure he
can get to yes without it.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Speaking of
health care, today was also
an important day, a deadline
for insurance companies to
figure out whether they were
going to participate in some of
the exchanges or not.
LISA DESJARDINS: This is
critical for what kind
of options people will
have on the individual
markets.
And so far, today, Hari, we
have learned some news from some
insurers pulling out of markets,
in fact, Anthem and
Blue Cross/Blue Shield
pulling out of markets
in Wisconsin and Indiana.
But it's really a mixed story,
Hari, because we're also seeing
new insurers enter in places
like Tennessee, which will
have three more options for
insurance than it did last year.
And also I spoke to a
company called Medica.
They plan on offering
insurance throughout Iowa.
That will be new for
them this year, adding
another option for Iowans.
But here's comes the
catch, Hari, in a way.
Medica says, to do that,
they're planning to increase
premiums by 43 percent.
So we will get more news
here, but it's a really mixed
picture, all of these insurers
saying there's
instability in the market.
HARI SREENIVASAN: All right,
Lisa Desjardins joining us
from Capitol Hill, many thanks.
In the day's other news:
Congressional Republicans
and the Trump White
House celebrated their
latest win in a
special election.
Republican Karen Handel held a
GOP House seat in the Atlanta
suburbs, beating Democrat Jon
Ossoff in Tuesday's vote.
It was the most expensive
U.S. House race ever, and both
candidates called for unity
last night.
KAREN HANDEL (R), Georgia
Congresswoman-Elect: To the Jon
Ossoff supporters, know that my
commitments, they extend to
every one of you as well.
We may have some different
beliefs, but we are part of
one community, the community of
the Sixth District.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
JON OSSOFF (D), Georgia
Congressional Candidate:
We showed the world
that in places where no
one thought it was even possible
to fight, we could fight.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
JON OSSOFF: We showed them that
we can still build coalitions
of people who may not see
eye to eye on everything, but
rather than demonizing each
other, we find common ground
to move forward.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Another
special House election
in South Carolina was
closer than expected,
but Republicans won
that one as well.
President Trump tweeted that
Democrats are losing because
they're obstructing action
on health care and tax cuts.
He's in Iowa this evening
for a campaign-style rally.
Meanwhile, Montana Republican
Greg Gianforte formally
joined the U.S. House today.
He won a special election
last month, despite
body-slamming a reporter.
He's since been convicted
of misdemeanor assault.
Today, House Speaker Paul
Ryan presided as Gianforte
took the oath of office.
He replaces Ryan Zinke, who
became interior secretary.
The FBI confirms the
gunman who opened fire
on House Republicans
last week acted alone.
Investigators said today that
James Hodgkinson of Belleville,
Illinois, had no ties to any
terror group.
He attacked lawmakers
at a baseball practice
in Alexandria, Virginia.
House Majority Whip
Steve Scalise was gravely
wounded, and the hospital
upgraded his condition
to fair today.
A police officer was stabbed
at an airport in Flint,
Michigan, today, and the FBI is
looking at it as an
act of terrorism.
Officials charged a Canadian man
who came to the U.S. last week.
The man yelled "God is great" in
Arabic and made comments about
Iraq, Syria and Afghanistan.
The officer was stabbed
in the neck, and officials
later said he was at a
hospital and his condition
was satisfactory.
In Saudi Arabia, the
kingdom's ailing 81-year-old
monarch elevated his
much younger son to the
role of successor today.
The decision comes at a moment
of economic challenges and
high tensions with regional
rival Iran.
MAN (through translator):
The custodian of the
two holy mosques, King
Salman bin Abdulaziz
Al Saud, has issued
royal decrees.
HARI SREENIVASAN: The
announcement was read
on state television.
King Salman named his son,
31-year-old Mohammed bin Salman,
crown prince, next in line to
the throne.
He also became interior
minister, in charge of security.
The king's nephew, Mohammed
bin Nayef, lost both titles.
But he appeared with
the new crown prince,
and pledged loyalty.
MOHAMMED BIN NAYEF,
Nephew of King (through
translator): I am content.
I am going to rest now,
and may God be with you.
HARI SREENIVASAN: The
announcement capped
Prince Mohammed's meteoric
rise to power since
his father assumed
the throne in 2015.
Peter Waldman, a writer for
Bloomberg Businessweek, profiled
the young prince last year.
PETER WALDMAN, Bloomberg
Businessweek: He wants to bring
entrepreneurship and initiative
and kind of a high-tech
sensibility to Saudi Arabia.
On social issues, he is
relatively progressive,
meaning that he clearly
can see a point in
time when women will be
driving and can essentially
travel and take jobs
without their husband's
or male guardian's permission.
HARI SREENIVASAN: He was
already defense minister,
and firmly opposes
dialogue with Shiite Iran,
fierce rival to the Saudis
and their Sunni allies.
Prince Mohammed has
also overseen the Saudi
military campaign against
Yemen's Shiite Houthi
rebels in a proxy war
with the Iranians.
PETER WALDMAN: His confrontation
with Iran across the Persian
Gulf is a bit dangerous.
He has said and is willing
to do military interventions
in Yemen, most notably, where
lots of civilians have
died in this ongoing war.
People worry that he doesn't
necessarily have the wisdom
of age and experience.
HARI SREENIVASAN: On the
domestic side, the prince has
championed economic reforms.
He wants to reduce the country's
dependence on oil, and allow
an initial public offering
of stock in the state-owned
oil giant, Saudi Aramco.
The elevation of Mohammed bin
Salman came after he met with
President Trump during the
president's visit last month.
The White House said
President Trump called
Prince Mohammed today to
offer his congratulations.
Elsewhere in the Middle East,
President Trump's son-in-law and
senior adviser, Jared Kushner,
spent today in the region,
pushing Israeli-Palestinian
peace talks.
Kushner met first with
Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu.
Later, he met with President
Mahmoud Abbas of the
Palestinian Authority.
In Iraq, the Islamic State
group has destroyed a
historic mosque in Mosul.
The centuries-old site is
where the group's leader,
Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi,
declared a so-called
Islamic caliphate in
2014, shortly after
ISIS captured the city.
It comes as Iraqi forces are
pushing into the Old City,
the group's last stronghold
in Mosul.
There's been a new confrontation
in the skies over the Baltic
Sea for the second day in
a row.
Russia released footage today
that shows a NATO fighter
jet near a plane carrying the
Russian defense minister.
Then, a Russian fighter
moves in, before the
NATO plane pulls away.
NATO says it was following
standard procedure.
Back in this country, Tropical
Storm Cindy crawled toward
the Gulf Coast, drenching a
stretch from Eastern Texas
to the Florida Panhandle.
Both Louisiana and Alabama
declared emergencies
over fears of flooding.
The storm is expected
to make landfall near
the Texas-Louisiana
border overnight, and
could dump a foot of rain.
Louisiana Governor
John Bel Edwards:
GOV.
JOHN BEL EDWARDS (D), Louisiana:
This will be a severe weather
event that will primarily
consist of threats of rain and
flooding, but there also is
a potential for wind damage
as well.
No one should be under
the belief that this
storm is only going to
affect coastal Louisiana
or Southeastern Louisiana.
This storm is going to
affect the entire state.
HARI SREENIVASAN: A 10-year-old
died on the Alabama coast
after being struck by a log
washed in on a storm
surge from Cindy.
A jury in Milwaukee
has acquitted a former
police officer in the
shooting of a black
man last August.
Dominique Heaggan-Brown
had been charged with
first-degree reckless
homicide in the shooting
of 23-year-old Sylville Smith.
It happened after a traffic
stop and a brief foot chase.
Smith had a gun, but appeared
to be throwing it over a fence.
The shooting sparked
two nights of riots.
The CEO and co-founder
of Uber has resigned.
Travis Kalanick stepped down
overnight amid turmoil at
the ride-hailing company.
Uber faces allegations of
sexual harassment and theft of
trade secrets, plus a federal
investigation into whether
it misled local regulators.
And on Wall Street, the Dow
Jones industrial average lost
57 points to close at 21410.
The Nasdaq rose 46 points, and
the S&P 500 dropped a point.
Still to come on the "NewsHour":
the former homeland security
secretary testifies before
Congress on the Russia
investigation; what
Georgia's special election
means for Democrats'
chances to take back the House;
how cities are bracing for
potential cuts to Medicaid;
and much more.
On Capitol Hill today, current
and former U.S. government
officials testified before
members of the House and
Senate Intelligence Committees,
painting a clearer portrait of
how Russia meddled in
the 2016 U.S. elections.
A current FBI official told
the Senate Intelligence
Committee how the Russian
government directed
cyber-attacks to wage an
information campaign that
favored then-candidate Trump.
Homeland Security official
Jeanette Manfra also
offered new details on
how Russians attempted
to interfere with
state election systems.
JEANETTE MANFRA, Department
of Homeland Security:
As of right now we have
evidence of 21 states
- - or election-related systems
in 21 states that were targeted.
MAN: But in no case were
actual vote tallies altered
in any way, shape, or form?
JEANETTE MANFRA:
That is correct.
HARI SREENIVASAN: In a separate
and almost simultaneous hearing
before House Intelligence,
former Secretary of Homeland
Security Jeh Johnson described
learning about Russian hacking
into Democratic National
Committee systems months
after the FBI became aware.
JEH JOHNSON, Former U.S.
Secretary of Homeland Security:
It had been some months before I
was learning of this that the
FBI and the DNC had been in
contact with each other about
this.
And I wasn't happy to
be learning about this
several months later.
Very clearly, I wasn't
pleased that we were not
in there helping them
patch this vulnerability.
HARI SREENIVASAN: We get more
on the Senate Intelligence
Committee's Russia investigation
now with one of its key
members, Senator James Lankford,
Republican from Oklahoma.
He joins us now
from Capitol Hill.
Senator, thanks for being here.
This afternoon, we heard
multiple DHS officials
say that they have
more and more evidence
that Russia tried to interfere
in the campaigns or interfere
in the election systems in 21
different states.
And while they stress that
none of the votes were flipped
in any of these states, they
did say that some of these
intrusions kind of made it
past of the security systems.
So, my question is, why
not release the information
on which states or which
localities were compromised?
SEN.
JAMES LANKFORD (R), Oklahoma: So
the FBI has a very clear policy.
They don't expose victims.
And they consider these
states to be victims of an
intrusion on the outside.
If the states want to be able
to say that or if they want
to be able to release that,
obviously, they're
welcome to do.
But for a location that
was actually attacked by
an outside force they're
not going to release
it.
Some of those will
continue to come out.
Some of those states will say,
yes, we're one of the states,
and the list will eventually
come out.
HARI SREENIVASAN: You agree it's
important, regardless whether if
you're Democrat or Republican,
to make sure that these
things are fixed, especially
between now and 2018?
SEN.
JAMES LANKFORD:
Absolutely, it is.
There were really three
simultaneous hearings today, one
in the House, two in the Senate,
both of them in the
Senate dealing with state
election systems and
also dealing with state
penetrations from outside actors
trying to be able to reach
into multiple state agencies.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Since the
investigation into Russian
meddling began, has anything
changed your opinion
in how serious this is?
SEN.
JAMES LANKFORD: Oh, no, it
hasn't changed my opinion.
I serve on the Intel
Committee and I have
been very aware of it.
I think more Americans are
aware of what is going on, as
we try to engage our federal
government to be able to
step up to the level of
risk that we really face.
A lot of states have become
more aware of it, and their
state CIOs, chief information
officers, and other agencies
are now stepping up to say this
is a real threat and we need
to be able to
treat it seriously.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Since this
began, we have reports just in
the last couple of days from
The New York Times now that says
the CIA director, Mike Pompeo,
continued to brief Michael Flynn
even after he was given
information that Michael
Flynn might be compromised.
Was this -- was this
handled appropriately?
SEN.
JAMES LANKFORD: It was
handled appropriately.
I was very surprised at
The New York Times story.
They get some things right.
For this one, it seemed
much ado about nothing.
The fact that in the earliest
days Michael Flynn was there
and that there were some people
from the previous administration
that didn't like Michael
Flynn or thought that he had
been challenged before, this
administration, the current
administration, was still trying
to determine that, and to be
able to put that off on Mike
Pompeo, who had also just been
hired days before, literally ,
they're confronting Mike Pompeo,
saying he could have -- should
have confronted a White
House official days into
his new post, I think,
is an unfair reevaluation
or rewrite of history.
HARI SREENIVASAN: This also
seems to -- from an outsider's
perspective, even when it comes
to intelligence-gathering,
there's a layer of politics
on it and a layer of distrust,
because you would think that
by the time the information
filters up to the head of the
CIA, that whoever is coming up
with that information is putting
country first and not party.
SEN.
JAMES LANKFORD: Correct.
And you would also assume that
there is a way to be able to
interpret that information.
And at times, you see an
accusation that may be released
out, for instance, with Michael
Flynn, to say he might have
been compromised, he might have
been vulnerable to blackmail.
When you actually see that
information, I think a lot of
Americans will look at it and
go, what in the world
are they talking about?
One analyst will look at one
thing and see it one way.
Another analyst will
look at it and see it an
entirely different way.
There's more open to
interpretation here than
what the Americans are
being led to believe
in this by that story.
I would just tell people
to take a deep breath.
Let's not try to revise history
of what was actually going on
in literally the very first
week of a new administration
as they were getting organized.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Is there
any concern that Michael Flynn
had access to information that
he shouldn't have had?
SEN.
JAMES LANKFORD: No, I haven't
seen that concern on that.
He is the national security
adviser working next to the
president, so in his time that
he was the national
security adviser, he is
working in the White House.
He should have access
to that information.
Obviously, once the president
fired him, he should have
access to no information at all
at that point.
HARI SREENIVASAN: You have
also had the opportunity
to listen to Mike Rogers
in -- I'm sorry -- you
have had the head of the
DNI and the head of the CIA
in closed-door sessions.
Has anything that they have told
you, without having to reveal
it here, given you any greater
sense of comfort or a
greater sense of alarm?
SEN.
JAMES LANKFORD:
No, they haven't.
Obviously, when we walk through
classified information and
sources and methods and how
things are determined, we get
a chance to see the raw data.
Very often, what comes out in
open hearings is an impression
that has been made, and then
you look back at the data and
you have to determine whether
I would agree or disagree
with that same impression.
We are walking through
all the investigations
in a very bipartisan way.
The Senate Intelligence
Committee is a very bipartisan
committee where we try to look
at all the information,
have real conversations.
You don't have Republicans and
Democrats behind closed doors.
We have people passionate
about national security
behind closed doors.
And I think that's the
way that it should be.
HARI SREENIVASAN: The White
House is supposed to announce,
possibly as early as this week,
to settle this question
on whether or not there
exists recordings of
conversations between
the president and former
Director James Comey.
As a member of the Senate
Intelligence Committee,
do you have any reason
to believe that there
are or that there are not tapes?
SEN.
JAMES LANKFORD: We don't know.
We have, obviously, made
the request that we would
receive those recordings.
It would clear up a
lot of the issues.
Obviously, the former
FBI director, Jim Comey,
said he released out
his memos that were of
an FBI document that after he
left employment he released them
out anyway to try to proactively
cut that off.
I wish he wouldn't
have done that.
But if we have recordings, we
could get the recordings and
get all the information out
there.
But at this point, if there
is a recording, based on a
tweet from the president saying
he -- that Jim Comey better
hope that there aren't, I
would, quite frankly, tell you,
if the White House
has recordings, they
should release them.
That settles the issue.
HARI SREENIVASAN: If
there are recordings, is
that concerning to you?
SEN.
JAMES LANKFORD: Well, it would
only be a question for me to
figure out why they're trying to
record what's happening
in the White House and
what is happening in
private conversations.
If there are, we need to
get the information out.
Let's resolve the issues and
try to determine why those were
happening, what was the source
of those, and then that will
help settle a lot of issues.
HARI SREENIVASAN: All right,
Senator James Lankford from the
Senate Intelligence Committee
and from Oklahoma,
thanks so much.
SEN.
JAMES LANKFORD: You bet.
Thank you.
HARI SREENIVASAN: We return now
to the results of yesterday's
special elections in Georgia
and South Carolina, and what
both parties can learn from
these congressional races as
we look ahead to
next year's midterms.
John Yang has more on that.
JOHN YANG: Joining me now to
look at what happened in these
two Southern races and the
big takeaways for both
Democrats and Republicans
are Karine Jean-Pierre.
She's a senior adviser
for MoveOn.org and worked
in the Obama White House.
And David Avella, chairman
of GOPAC, a Republican
political action committee
focused on developing
candidates to run
for higher office.
Karine, David, thanks
for joining us.
Two special elections,
two Republican districts,
Republicans held on.
One was being highly
watched, one not so much.
The one being highly
watched wasn't as close as
people thought it might be.
The one that nobody seemed to
be watching was much closer.
So, what did we
learn last night?
Karine, let's start with you.
What did we learn yesterday?
KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, Democratic
Strategist: Well, there's
a few big takeaways.
But I do want to be clear here.
Yes, the one that we watched,
which is Georgia 6, we didn't
come as close as we thought,
but he was dealing with
a 24-point deficit.
If you think about Tom
Price, who won that
district in November,
he got as close as five
points, which I
think says a lot.
It says that district is a
gerrymandered district that is
a stronghold for Republicans.
It is a Republican
plus-eight district.
And so I think getting
that close says a lot.
There is a lot of takeaways
that I take from it, which is,
number one, I think, in 2018,
if we're now able to
play in Georgia and South
Carolina, we're going
to be able to play in
a lot of different other states,
because Georgia and South
Carolina are deep red states.
And also just looking at
South Carolina for a second,
it went under the radar.
We weren't able -- it did
better than we expected.
To me, that's going to be more
like 2018 because you are going
to have 435 races that you're
not going to be able
to pay attention to.
And so I think there are some
similarities there, which
are you're just not going to
have the focus that
did you with Georgia 6.
JOHN YANG: David,
what did we learn now?
DAVID AVELLA, Chairman,
GOPAC: Here are the facts.
South Carolina 5 was only
competitive because Republicans
didn't pay attention to it.
Democrats did exactly what they
needed to do, which was to try
to sneak up on the Republicans.
It failed.
And in Georgia 5, this is a
race that every poll except
one said Jon Ossoff was going
to win, and he
didn't come close.
Five points is not a close win.
Republicans should feel good
about what happened yesterday.
But here is the bigger lesson,
and it's really for the U.S.
Senate, not the U.S. House.
These four special elections
all say the same thing.
Karine's team cannot put enough
progressives together for
the nine Democrats who sit in
seats where Donald
Trump won their states.
And if they're going to get
reelected, they have got to find
Republicans and independents
that are willing to
come vote for them.
And if they're going to do
that, they better find something
in the Trump agenda that they
can vote for that they can go
back home and tell folks they're
supporting the president's
agenda.
JOHN YANG: Karine,
what about that?
Is it enough for the Democrats
just to be against everything
that the Republicans are
doing?
KARINE JEAN-PIERRE:
I completely agree.
We cannot just be anti-Trump.
We have to actually have a
-- I believe a progressive,
clear vision, and be able to
talk about that vision and be
able to define ourselves before
the Republicans do, but also
use that vision to be
able to draw that stark
contrast with Donald Trump.
And so that is, I think, a
lesson that we learned from
yesterday which is incredibly
important.
But I do want to point out
that there are about 70 to 80
districts that are going to
come up in 2018 that are not
as red at all as Georgia and
South Carolina that we will
be competitive in.
So, I just want to be clear.
And also special elections are
special elections for a reason.
We shouldn't put too
much stock into this.
In 2005, Democrats lost special
elections and then in 2006
they won the majority back
in the House.
JOHN YANG: David, is there --
going back to what Karine said
in her first answer, is there
reason to be concerned
on the Republican side
that, in every special
election, the Republicans
- - the Democrats -- I'm
sorry -- have outperformed,
have done better than
they have done in previous
congressional elections, and
in some cases have done better
than President Trump did
in those districts?
DAVID AVELLA:
Republicans still won.
Republicans are still
in the majority.
And if Republicans
pass tax reform, pass a
health care system that's
better than Obamacare,
keeps Americans safe, and
works on an infrastructure
bill, it will a good
day for Republicans in
2018.
We have far more control over
our fate in 2018 if we do
the things that we need to do
that voters elected us to do.
JOHN YANG: I want to get
back to the health care.
But, Karine, I also
want to ask you.
The one thing in the Georgia
race that the Republicans
did apparently effectively is
they draped Nancy Pelosi
around the shoulders of
the Democratic candidate.
Is that a concern going
into the midterms?
KARINE JEAN-PIERRE: I think
this is -- goes back to
what I was saying earlier.
You have to define yourself
first before Republicans do.
And to me like, remember,
this is a deep red district.
Both of them were.
And to me, it's like
it's an old playbook.
Most people don't know
who Nancy Pelosi is.
Most people don't
know who Paul Ryan is.
And, like, once again, this was
in a different type of district
that Democrats -- it shouldn't
have been competitive
in the first place.
DAVID AVELLA: Poor Karine has
to redefine what victory means.
You either win and you
get to go to Washington
and govern, or you don't.
And there's much discussion
today about should Nancy
Pelosi go or shouldn't she go?
And progressives are
saying she should go.
And some are saying
she shouldn't.
The Republicans are
saying, please keep her.
Nancy Pelosi is only the
messenger for a larger
progressive cause.
The problem isn't,
per se, Nancy Pelosi.
It's the ideas that
she's ultimately pushing.
There's enough Americans
who support that view to
get Democrats elected.
JOHN YANG: David, you mentioned
health care, that if they can
-- they need to get -- they
need to pass things,
they need to get some
victories up on the board.
How important politically is --
we're going to see the health
care bill tomorrow in the
Senate -- getting
a vote by July?
The public support for
the health care bill
has been dropping since
the House introduced
it and passed it.
Is there concern that, you do
this, and you get saddled with
an unpopular bill, much the
same way that the Democrats
did eight years ago?
DAVID AVELLA: Well, we have to
have a bill that helps bring
-- keep premiums in line,
that ultimately gives good
access to health care, which
we're not talking about the fact
that every month another
state goes down, more
health care providers,
so that more Americans
have to go find health insurance
somewhere else in a system
where there may have only
been that one health care
provider on the insurance side.
So, Republicans need to deliver
a health care bill that gets
rid of the taxes that Obamacare
put on, that not only will
make health care better, but
will also help create jobs and
spur the economy, but, two,
will allow doctors and patients
to keep a strong relationship
between each other, and provides
ultimately access to everyone.
JOHN YANG: Less than
30 seconds, Karine.
Go ahead.
KARINE JEAN-PIERRE: Well, my
friend David needs to read the
CBO score of the House bill,
which what we're hearing,
that Senate bill is very
similar to the House bill.
Look, it's cruel.
If the House bill was mean,
it sounds like the Senate
bill is going to be cruel.
And, honestly, it's not even
about politics or electoral
-- elections at this point.
It's about taking people
off of their health care.
It's about people
potentially dying.
And what we're seeing is the
Republicans want to kick off
tens of millions of people and
hurt our most vulnerable,
and that is a problem.
DAVID AVELLA: But that is
what Obamacare is doing.
KARINE JEAN-PIERRE:
No, that is not true.
That is not true, not
according to the CBO score,
an independent office.
DAVID AVELLA: More and more
people are losing their health
insurance every month under the
current Obamacare.
(CROSSTALK)
JOHN YANG: We're going to
have to leave it there.
We're going to
know more tomorrow.
And I'm sure we will talk more
about this after tomorrow.
Karine Jean-Pierre, David
Avella, thanks for joining us.
DAVID AVELLA: Thank you.
KARINE JEAN-PIERRE:
Thanks, John.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Stay with us.
Coming up on the
"NewsHour": why is a heat
wave baking the Southwest
and grounding flights?;
plus, actor Alan Alda explains
what he has learned on how
to communicate effectively.
But first: As we heard, Senate
Republicans are pushing hard
to pass their own bill next
week to replace and overhaul
the Affordable Care Act.
One of the key issues,
major cuts to Medicaid,
the joint federal-state
program that provides
health care to
low-income Americans,
the elderly and disabled.
It was expanded under Obamacare.
But now 14 million Medicaid
recipients stand to lose that
coverage under a bill passed
by the House.
Reports out tonight say there
will be even deeper cuts
under the Senate version.
Special correspondent Cat Wise
reports from Los Angeles on
how these cuts could directly
affect patients.
CAT WISE: A homeless man on
Skid Row hoping to finally
get a roof over his head.
A middle-class mom
earning an income to
care of her disabled son.
A working-class truck
driver getting care for his
complex medical problems.
Three very different lives,
with a common thread now at
risk of being cut: Medicaid.
Los Angeles is well known
for its Hollywood stars
with glamorous lifestyles.
But the city is also home to
many who are less fortunate.
The working poor and homeless
here have benefited from
the Affordable Care Act.
In fact, about 1.2
million residents gained
health insurance through
the Medicaid expansion.
But all that may
be about to change.
The Republican plan to replace
the Affordable Care Act, passed
by the House of Representatives
in May and now being
considered by the Senate,
would fundamentally
alter Medicaid in two
key ways.
First, the ACA's Medicaid
expansion -- that offered states
the option of covering most
non-disabled childless adults
with incomes below and just
above the poverty line -- would
end within several years.
DONALD TRUMP, President of the
United States: We're going to
get this passed through the
Senate.
I feel so confident.
CAT WISE: The House bill, which
President Trump cheered in
May, but has since reportedly
called mean, also calls for
converting the entire program
from one with no cap on dollars
spent to one where states
get a fixed amount of money.
It would give state
governments more flexibility
about how to spend
Medicaid dollars, but would
cut the amount they receive
by more than $800 billion
over a decade, according
to the Congressional
Budget Office.
SEN.
MITCH MCCONNELL (R-KY), Majority
Leader: I think we will have
ample opportunity to read
and amend the bill.
CAT WISE: A Senate version,
which would eventually
need to be merged with
the House bill before
becoming law, is still being
crafted, but is said to include
many of these same adjustments,
though with a potentially
longer rollback of the
Medicaid expansion.
California stands to lose more
than any other state under
the House version, $6 billion
a year starting in 2020, and
more than $24 billion by 2027.
Those cuts could have a
big impact on this group.
WOMAN: I think you
have hypertension,
diabetes, neuropathy.
CAT WISE: For the last several
years, Los Angeles County
has been deploying teams of
nurses, mental health
and substance counselors
and formerly homeless
peer advocates throughout
Skid Row.
Their goal is to improve health
outcomes for this medically
complex and costly homeless
population by
giving them a home.
This Housing for Health program
uses Medicaid dollars to fund
supportive services, like
mental health counseling and
substance abuse treatment in
locations where new housing is
being offered.
On the day we tagged along, the
team reconnected with a client
who had been wanting to get
off the streets.
WOMAN: Are you familiar
with the (INAUDIBLE)
MAN: No?
WOMAN: No?
OK.
So, that's like -- that's the
one everyone likes, because
you can get your own room.
MAN: That sounds
like my kind of room.
WOMAN: Yes, exactly.
Yes.
WOMAN: It was a blessing
to find him here.
We will basically link him to
services and help him get to
the point where he wants to
be.
CAT WISE: Nearly 3,000 people
have received housing so far,
and the goal is to get 7,000
more off the streets by 2020.
DR.
MITCH KATZ, Director,
Los Angeles County Health
Agency: We have had
dramatic drops in emergency
department visits
and hospitalizations
following housing people.
CAT WISE: Dr. Mitch Katz is
the director of the Los Angeles
Health Agency, and he has
been leading the
county's effort.
We met at the Star Apartments,
a 100-unit building in the heart
of Skid Row with a community
garden, various counseling
services and a health
clinic on the main floor.
The monthly rent is covered
by county general funds,
donations, and residents.
But the services provided
are covered by Medicaid.
Dr. Katz took me on a tour
of a recently vacated unit.
DR.
MITCH KATZ: You will see that,
although the space is small,
it has everything that you
would need.
You have a refrigerator,
stove, sink.
It's not grand, but it really
changes somebody's life.
Over a hundred people
came directly out of the
hospital bed, or directly
from the emergency
room, and are now living here.
And I can take care of them for
way less than it costs to be
in the hospital, and they will
have a much higher-quality life.
CAT WISE: The ACA's Medicaid
changes have also been felt
by a much wider swathe of the
population, low-income,
often working adults who
previously had no access
to health insurance.
And that was the
story for 60-year-old
Jorge Arias, a former
self-employed truck driver.
Arias, who has had Medicaid
for the last two years, is a
patient at the Saban Community
Clinic, a non-profit federally
qualified health center which
opened its doors to low-income
clients 50 years ago.
Last year, Arias had emergency
surgery after a heart specialist
determined he had three
blocked arteries.
Without insurance, he says:
JORGE ARIAS, Medicaid Recipient:
I would not even be alive, you
know, because, no medications,
no doctors.
JULIE HUDMAN, CEO, Saban
Community Clinic: Well, we see
about 18,000 to 20,000 patients
a year; 10,000 of them have
Medicaid, and over 8,000 of
them got it with the expansion
under the ACA.
CAT WISE: Julie Hudman
is the CEO of the clinic.
JULIE HUDMAN: Before we had
the ACA, someone would come in
and, depending on their income,
we'd take a co-pay,
and it typically was
around $18 per person.
Now, when a patient comes
in with Medicaid, we receive
about $200 for the visit.
The difference between the
$18 and the $200, $225 is, you
know, a huge source of revenue
for us, and allows us
to stabilize, to keep
our doors open, and then
actually expand services.
MAN: So, how have
you been this week?
WOMAN: Fine.
Yes, I'm good.
CAT WISE: Some of those new
services include mental health
counseling, which could be cut
back if the clinic
loses funding.
Traditional Medicaid programs,
like those for the disabled
and long-term care for the
elderly, could also be impacted.
Victoria and Steve Rosen
are the proud, adopted
parents of 16-year-old
Max, who has a number
of health problems due
to prenatal exposure
to drugs and alcohol.
VICTORIA ROSEN,
California: So this is Max.
When we first met him
in the NICU, he had a
very rough beginning.
CAT WISE: Max is the
recipient of a Medicaid-funded
program called In-Home
Supportive Services.
Victoria earns about
$3,500 a month through
the program to help Max
with things like personal
care and feeding.
That financial support has
been key for the family because
helping Max is a full-time
job, and Victoria hasn't been
able to work outside the home.
VICTORIA ROSEN: It helps
us survive, basically.
I mean, before this, we
were, you know, in debt.
We don't spend a
lot of extra money.
And all the money
we spend is on Max.
CAT WISE: But many supportive
Medicaid service programs like
this one are considered optional
under traditional Medicaid,
and if states have to take on
more financial responsibility
for Medicaid with the new
Republican plan, health analysts
and program leaders say the
optional services
are likely to be cut.
To the Rosens, that doesn't
make a lot of sense.
STEVE ROSEN, California:
IHSS saves money.
It would be more expensive to
take care of someone like Max
in an institutional setting
than it is to have
him in his own house.
CAT WISE: Many Republicans say
these programs may be important,
but Medicaid is simply out
of control.
MICHAEL CANNON, Cato Institute:
Medicaid has grown into this
incredibly wasteful program,
rife with fraud, siphoning lots
of money away from the people
the program should be helping.
CAT WISE: Michael Cannon is
the director of health policy
studies at the Cato Institute,
a libertarian think tank.
Cannon is concerned the current
legislation being considered
by Congress wouldn't go far
enough in axing federal
Medicaid regulations and turning
over control to the states.
MICHAEL CANNON: So, what
Congress should be doing here
is saying to the states, look,
we don't know how to run these
programs better than you.
We will continue our
contribution to your
Medicaid programs, but
we're going to give
you a fixed amount of money.
It's not going to grow from
one year to the next, but we're
also going to give you full
flexibility to run your
programs the way you think
is best for your state.
States will have a much greater
incentives then to eliminate
fraud, to make sure that
those Medicaid dollars are
being spent on the people the
program was meant to help,
and not on the people the
program wasn't meant to help.
CAT WISE: Back in Los Angeles,
the health department's Dr.
Katz says he has no problem
working within a budget as
long as it is a fair one.
DR.
MITCH KATZ: If you
give me flexibility,
I can do a better job.
And I could do a better
job for less money.
But I can't do 70
cents on the dollar.
Then, I'm actually going
to have to cut services.
CAT WISE: While the health care
debates continue in Washington,
the teams on Skid Row are still
hitting the streets looking
for people to help, and hoping
they can do so for a very
long time.
For the "PBS NewsHour," I'm Cat
Wise in Los Angeles, California.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Now let's turn
to the extreme heat wave baking
the West and Southwest parts
of the country.
Temperatures are well
above the 100-degree mark.
In California, it was 127
degrees yesterday in Death
Valley, 122 in Palm Springs.
In Phoenix, the temperature
is expected to top out
at 118 degrees today.
In fact, it's been so hot
there, more than 40 flights
were canceled or delayed because
some planes can't safely
lift off in that heat.
A new analysis published in the
journal "Nature Climate Change"
this week also said climate
change is leading to more
heat waves in general.
It found that 30 percent of the
world's population is exposed
to potentially deadly heat for
20 days per year or more.
It's the subject of our weekly
segment on the Leading Edge
of science with Miles O'Brien.
Let's start with what's
happening in Phoenix.
Miles, you have flown
for a long time.
We have always heard of
flights being delayed
because it's too cold.
How can a flight not take
off because it's so hot?
MILES O'BRIEN: Yes, Hari, if
it weren't for the snow and
ice, the winter would be the
perfect time to fly, because
a wing achieves flight, it
derives lift based on the number
of air molecules
that surround it.
And, as the temperature heat
up, those molecules command.
We know that, when you
warm things up, things
expand generally.
So there are fewer
air molecules, so it
takes greater amount of
speed for that aircraft
to fly.
And if the runway isn't long
enough to support that -- in
other words, if the temperature
is so high that there are so
few molecules there to lift
the wing that you don't have
enough runway to get going
fast enough, you're grounded.
HARI SREENIVASAN: All right,
so this is still smaller
planes that were affected.
What's the difference
with the bigger planes?
MILES O'BRIEN: Well, the larger
planes, the Boeing 737s, the
big airliners, are designed
to operate in a wider range of
circumstances, for one thing.
They are kind of a global
product that has to operate in
all kinds of intense conditions.
And, frankly, it just
costs more to certify
them to these parameters.
In addition, a 737, for example,
has a lot more potential
payload, so you can take off
some cargo and still
fly the mission.
These smaller planes
are not designed with
as much versatility, and
because they're smaller,
they have less capability
to reduce the payload
and thus take off.
And really, ultimately, they
have charts in there that a
pilot has to look at, and there
will be a maximum temperature,
given the altitude of
the field, et cetera.
And if you exceed that, you
legally cannot take off.
HARI SREENIVASAN: There are
lots of runways that are too
short to deal with this kind
of heat.
And we talked about in Phoenix,
but, say, a place like La
Guardia is just as confined
or San Francisco is
just constrained by a
certain amount of space.
MILES O'BRIEN: Yes, so
researchers looked at this.
The La Guardia runway is about
7,000 feet, runways there.
And while that's about 20 feet
above sea level, and thus the
air is denser there, by virtue
of where it is and it doesn't
get quite as hot, nevertheless,
at that length, you still
- - there are still some
parameters and constraints
that we have to be
watching as the climate
gets warmer.
This goes into the larger
subject, Hari, of how our
civilization is designed.
When you're thinking about a
beach house on a barrier island
or a runway at La Guardia
or at Phoenix Sky Harbor,
we have a finely-tuned
civilization, and as
the temperature goes
up, even though it has only
gone up a degree Celsius over
a hundred years, it does create
pockets of these heat waves.
We're not exactly sure
why, probably because the
jet stream is weakening
and causing high-pressure
systems to park in these places.
I spoke with a climate
scientist who has looked
into this extensively.
He's at Columbia University --
Radley Horton is his name --
as part of a series I did for
the weather app MyRadar.
RADLEY HORTON, Columbia
University: If we look
at the last decade
or two, we are seeing
twice as many record-breaking
extreme heat events, cities
that are breaking their daily
record highs for a given day,
compared to the ratio compared
to the number of cities
having record-breaking
cold temperatures.
If you make temperatures just
a couple degrees warmer on the
hottest days, that means much
more demand for air
conditioning, for
example, which means much
greater risk of the power
going out, precisely at those
temperatures, those times when
people are so sensitive to
just a little more warming from
a public health perspective.
HARI SREENIVASAN: That goes a
bit to that Goldilocks effect
you are talking about, because
even our infrastructure and
our systems are built for us
to be within a certain range.
MILES O'BRIEN: Exactly.
And that's why we need
to be really watching the
effects of climate change.
It's easy to dismiss
a one-degree Celsius
increase and say, well,
that's not a big deal,
but, in isolated locations, in
specific locations, whether it's
Phoenix or whether it's Miami
Beach or whether it's another
city that has a sea level
problem that it is dealing with,
or whether it's California
dealing with wildfires,
those particular pockets,
those problems are
exacerbated by that
overall increase in the
temperature of the climate,
the overall temperature
of the planet.
And it causes changes to our
weather systems which we're
just beginning to understand.
Researchers are just
getting a handle on it.
HARI SREENIVASAN: So in the
case of this news about Phoenix
and the air -- do airlines,
who think about buying planes
years and years out -- these are
hundreds of millions of dollars'
worth of purchases -- do they
think differently about what
kind of jets to buy or where to
park all those jets, in a
place with a long runway?
MILES O'BRIEN: Hari, I
think this is something
the aviation industry
has not gotten out ahead
of.
I suspect there are a lot of
conversations going right now
as we have seen this record
heat wave.
There was a similar record
heat wave last year as well
which caused similar problems.
So the airlines are going to
have to contend with this, the
airliner makers, and airports
as well.
The longest runway at Phoenix
Sky Harbor is a little
more than 11,000 feet.
They might have to think
about extending that runway.
What about La Guardia, though?
Is that even possible?
Is it possible to
even consider that?
All these things get factored
into the consequences
of climate change and
how we as civilization
can adapt to it.
HARI SREENIVASAN: All right,
science correspondent Miles
O'Brien, thanks so much.
MILES O'BRIEN: You're welcome.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Now a
lesson in communication
from an unlikely, but
very familiar source.
It's the latest addition to
the "NewsHour" Bookshelf.
Jeffrey Brown has that.
JEFFREY BROWN: One enormous
turn in the life of Alan Alda,
his 11- year run in the 1970s
and '80s as the star of
"MASH," one of the most beloved
programs in television history.
ALAN ALDA, Author, "If
I Understood You, Would
I Have This Look on
My Face?": Hello, and
welcome to "Scientific
American Frontiers."
JEFFREY BROWN: Another, by
his own account, came in 1993,
when he began to host the PBS
series "Scientific
American Frontiers."
He was a non-scientist learning
on the go, using his trademark
humor and wit to get the
experts to explain complicated
ideas in accessible language.
ALAN ALDA: What keeps the
water from going in here?
I mean, it's...
MAN: Well, it's
actually tapered.
If you look at the hatch,
it's like a porthole.
ALAN ALDA: Oh, I see.
MAN: And pressure
pushes them down.
ALAN ALDA: What I brought
to it was curiosity and
a huge fund of ignorance.
(LAUGHTER)
ALAN ALDA: And I just was
after them until it could fill
up the ignorance a little bit
with real stuff.
But that process of connecting
with them, getting them to
be who they were, because
they were worried about
getting me to understand it,
so it was much more personal.
And that's when I realized
that you could build on that.
You can help people
do that all the time.
OK, now he's leaving.
JEFFREY BROWN: First, he
worked to help scientists
and science writers do
it all the time, helping
to found the Center for
Communicating Science at Stony
Brook University in New York.
Now comes a book for the rest
of us, with the colorful title
"If I Understood You, Would
I Have This Look on My Face?"
Alan Alda and I met recently at
Lisner Auditorium in Washington
before he gave a talk about
the problem and promise
of communicating.
ALAN ALDA: What I think I found
is, that it's all based on a
personal connection, that if
I can sort of understand in some
way, make some approximation
of what you are thinking
and feeling, it's easier
for me to get inside your
head with my message.
If I don't know how you're
receiving it, if I can't see
how it's landing on you, then
I'm just spraying it at you.
I'm just trying to pour it
over your head, but I'm not
really connecting with you.
Well, that connection -- this
is what I don't understand --
that connection with another
person feels so good.
Why do we retreat from it?
I don't understand that.
JEFFREY BROWN: We're living in
a time where there's not only
skepticism, but even outright
hostility from a lot of
people towards science.
Is that just a
communication problem?
ALAN ALDA: I think it's largely
a communication problem, because
there has to be trust, and
you get trust through --
one way you get trust is
through good communication.
There are lives at stake.
Take doctors.
JEFFREY BROWN: Yes.
ALAN ALDA: When patients
regard their doctors as being
empathic, at least one study has
shown that the patients are
19 percent more likely to
follow the doctor's advice.
Now, in that 19 percent, I
imagine some lives are at stake.
JEFFREY BROWN: Yes,
so some of this is
life-and-death communication.
ALAN ALDA: Yes.
Yes.
JEFFREY BROWN: Yes.
ALAN ALDA: Science needs to
be understood by the public,
so they can support science.
I don't tell the people I
care about the most the most
important thing I can tell them,
that I do care.
JEFFREY BROWN: For Alda, better
communicating starts with better
person-to-person relating,
a concept he had to
learn as a young actor.
ALAN ALDA: I knew you
were supposed to relate
in the beginning.
JEFFREY BROWN: Yes.
ALAN ALDA: And I would do
the best I could to relate.
I thought it meant leaning
into the other person's face,
so I was sort of stooped over
most of the time.
(LAUGHTER)
ALAN ALDA: But, little
by little, I realized you
can relate to somebody
on the stage even
if their back is turned to you.
You pick up whatever
clues you can.
And when you don't have clues
to pick up, you can estimate
what they're probably thinking
by virtue of what's just been
said, or what you have said,
or what you have just written
them.
You can picture what the
reader is thinking with
each sentence you put down.
It really affects all
forms of communication.
JEFFREY BROWN: In several
chapters of the book, you
describe these training sessions
that you had with
scientists and many others.
But then you talk about
improv classes, right?
Improv, we think of as comedy.
ALAN ALDA: I know.
Most improvisation that
people are aware of is
comedy improvisation.
But that's not what we teach.
We teach a much purer
form of improvisation in
the form of exercises.
And they're all designed one
on top of the other, starting
with a very basic kind of
exercise that enables you to
do the next one, and then that
enables you to do the next one,
and they all put you in
touch with the other person.
You have to observe the
other person, and really
carefully to improvise.
I have to know -- I have to
know, from your body language
and your face, what you're doing
and what you're thinking.
I'm reading your face right now.
It's really fun.
Let's make it...
JEFFREY BROWN: Yes.
What's going on?
(LAUGHTER)
ALAN ALDA: Yes.
Well, I hear you following me,
and then I hear you thinking,
I wonder what I will ask
next?
(LAUGHTER)
JEFFREY BROWN: Really?
You could see that?
(CROSSTALK)
ALAN ALDA: Yes, from
-- yes, mostly when you
look down at the paper.
(LAUGHTER)
JEFFREY BROWN: Yes, right.
That's a dead giveaway.
Hmm.
ALAN ALDA: Yes, but
I'm picking it up.
You know.
It's so funny.
Once in a while I will be
talking to somebody and I will
think I'm connected to them.
And I will say, wait a second.
In my head, I will say this.
What color is his eyes?
What color are his eyes?
What's the shape of his nose?
JEFFREY BROWN: Yes.
And then you realize,
what, you're not really
paying attention.
ALAN ALDA: I got -- I realize,
when I think back, there's
been sort of a blob where your
face would -- should be.
(LAUGHTER)
JEFFREY BROWN: I hope I
haven't dissolved to blobness.
ALAN ALDA: No, you're
not blobby at all, no.
JEFFREY BROWN: OK.
Thank you.
That's good to know, and also
good to see in his work with
scientists and writers an
attempt to bridge the worlds
of science and the arts.
ALAN ALDA: They didn't used
to be kept apart so much.
Science and art, or the arts
and humanities often were --
in Greek times and later, were
considered to be different
aspects of the same inquiry,
the same exploration of being
alive in the universe.
And I think they're long-lost
lovers, yearning to be reunited.
There's nothing -- they
should be reunited.
We're reuniting them with
this work on communication,
because it's both an
art and a science to
figure out what's the best way
to learn to communicate better.
JEFFREY BROWN: All
right, Alan Alda's book
is "If I Understood
You, Would I Have This
Look on My Face?"
It's quite a title.
ALAN ALDA: Well, you
have quite a face.
(LAUGHTER)
JEFFREY BROWN:
Thank you very much.
ALAN ALDA: Thank you.
I had fun with you.
JEFFREY BROWN: Nice
to talk to you.
ALAN ALDA: Thank you.
HARI SREENIVASAN: And to our
"NewsHour" Shares, something
that caught our eye that may be
of interest to you, too.
This year marks the 60th
anniversary of the debut
of a musical oddity,
the Great Stalacpipe
Organ of Virginia's
Luray Caverns.
"NewsHour" recently got a
behind-the-scenes look at the
one-of-a-kind instrument from
those who know it best.
Cavern historian John
Shaffer starts us off.
JOHN SHAFFER, Luray
Caverns Corporation: Luray
caverns is home to the
largest musical instrument
in the world, the
Great Stalacpipe Organ.
And it plays the stalactites.
The organ was created
by Leland W. Sprinkle.
Mr. Sprinkle toured the caverns
in 1954 with his young son,
and, at that time, the guides
would tap stalactites to
show that the different sizes
give off different tones.
LARRY MOYER, Operations Manager:
What he did was take rubber
mallets and a concept of an
organ and put it all
together Into an instrument.
I'm Larry Moyer.
I am operations manager for
the Great Stalacpipe Organ.
You're actually standing
inside the organ as it plays,
because the stalactites cover
over three-and-a-half
acres around us.
Basically, we call it
like a player-type piano.
So, the sheet of plastic is
your song, and as the drum
rotates, the metal brushes fall
into contact through
holes in the plastic
and sends the notes out.
And, on occasion, we will
have an organist present.
OTTO PEBWORTH, Organist: A pipe
organ produces its sounds by
forcing air through columns.
What we are doing here is,
we are actually playing a
37-note percussion instrument.
My name is Otto Pebworth.
I play the organ here at Luray
Caverns, and I have been playing
pipe organs now for close
to 30 years.
It's very settling,
very soothing.
I just have a chance just
to stop and let everything
go quiet and make music.
And that's what makes
it the nicest thing.
A room like this lends itself
more towards the more peaceful
things like "Moonlight Sonata"
or some of the Bach preludes.
The Stalacpipe Organ is a
totally unique instrument
unto itself, and,
because of that, you can
just hear something that
is just totally natural
and totally special.
Can't be duplicated.
HARI SREENIVASAN: On
the "NewsHour" online
right now: Jellyfish have
fascinated beachgoers
and aquarium visitors
for generations.
We visit a jelly expert at the
National Aquarium in Baltimore
to learn six facts you might
not know about the
beautiful ocean oddity.
All that and more is on our
Web site, PBS.org/NewsHour.
As we say good night, a week
after the men's Congressional
Baseball Game, tonight, it's
the women's turn.
The Congressional Women's
Softball Game pits members of
Congress against members of the
press.
We're proud to have a
number of "NewsHour"
staffers on the press team.
That's the "NewsHour"
for tonight.
I'm Hari Sreenivasan.
Join us online and again
here tomorrow evening.
For all of us at the "PBS
NewsHour," on the field and off,
thank you, and see you soon.